Following the first example during all the tutorial (#2)
curquiza/documentation: resources/howtos/search_bar_for_docs.md

}
```

> The `hostUrl` and the `apiKey` fields are the credentials of the MeiliSearch instance. Following on from this tutorial, we can define them as `http://localhost:7700` and `myMasterKey` respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `hostUrl` and the `apiKey` fields are the credentials of the MeiliSearch instance. Following on from this tutorial, they are respectively `http://localhost:7700` and `myMasterKey`.
```

</html>
```

> The `hostUrl` and the `apiKey` fields are the credentials of the MeiliSearch instance. Following on from this tutorial, we can define them as `http://localhost:7700` and `myMasterKey` respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `hostUrl` and the `apiKey` fields are the credentials of the MeiliSearch instance. Following on from this tutorial, they are respectively `http://localhost:7700` and `myMasterKey`.
```
